Unknown Speaker  0:14  
Are you talking? Because I can't hear you yet.

Speaker 1  0:21  
I am a little bit you're it sounds pretty far away. Okay, hold on. One second. That's better. Yeah, all right, yes.

Speaker 2  0:31  
So sorry I was saying I'll just get right into it. So I was gonna say I've been doing this all with one advertiser. I did check the top 20 advertisers just for a couple other things. But here's kind of the summary. So I chose this one because it just has a good mix of different types of impressions, right? So I've got a 90 day look back. I'm filtering to prospecting only. What that basically means is that for all the verified visits, I'm only looking at verified visits that were attributed to the like these types of campaigns, right? Yeah. So this is quite obvious. Within stage tracing is 100% right, because we got the ad served ID, that's pretty easy. So there's different cross stages. Obviously, there's stage two to stage one, there's stage three to stage one. State, you know, whatever, the whole, whole link, right? Now, just, I'm just going to give some numbers, just on this advertiser, right? There were only 47 unresolved, so less like point two, 8% of from Stage Two to stage one. So this pretty much is the case across, like 10 advertisers I tested. It's very, very high, right? When you start doing Stage Three to any prior stage, it gets a lot lower. So we're like 92% so here's kind of like the breakdown. So if you look the total number of verified visits, this is the full chain, like, so out of the total number of verified visits, right? This is how many do the full chain. This is how many do direct and then total unresolved, right? So it's about eight, 8% okay, so I just wanted to bring this out. I also did this just for a bunch of different advertisers, just to kind of see what the resolution rate was. But basically, just to give you an idea, this is the logic that's going through. It is that you're checking to see if this s3 bit IP matches an s2 vast IP. And okay, well, I will get to that later. This is not necessarily true. This is just hallucination. But then the other one would be the s3 bit IP matching, same thing, anything from s, s1 pool right now, of these. This is where I decided to start looking at just any campaign at all to see, have we seen this at all? And so if I just take these IPs and I say, look in this like the cost and pressure log, have we ever seen this IP before?

Speaker 1  2:57  
Right? Stop, right there. Yep. That's not useful at that point, right? Anytime you start going outside of the campaign group in relation to these things, like, the information is just

Speaker 2  3:09  
not, yeah, I know. I agree. I agree. But like, there's also some weird situations where I can't even see a record of this IP at all. Like, ever, like, we've never seen

Unknown Speaker  3:20  
it, you're probably not going back far enough then.

Unknown Speaker  3:23  
So wouldn't that defeat the 90 day?

Speaker 1  3:26  
Well, that means that 90 days wrong? Then expand it.

Speaker 2  3:30  
Well, how this can it just starts getting super long to test this, when I go beyond it already takes

Speaker 1  3:36  
us, I get it. But unfortunately, that's the that's the whole problem set, right?

Speaker 2  3:41  
Well, I can go back 120 days, 100 a day. The the bottleneck here is not that, like, necessarily, that these things are difficult. It's that it takes me a long time to run this when I actually need to test things. So that's like, why it takes me so long, is that one like, okay, let's test this. And I'm using one advertiser, it still takes me, like, you know, 15 minutes to run something right. Which, yeah, okay, that's fine. I can go back. So you think that that's the only

Speaker 1  4:10  
issue is that, basically, I don't know if that's the only issue, because I haven't read like, and actually dissected the queries yet, because taking the time tune,

Unknown Speaker  4:21  
yeah, well, that's

Speaker 1  4:22  
at the end of the day, like we still need to get those 90s to 100% and,

Unknown Speaker  4:28  
yeah, that's, that's the whole project.

Speaker 2  4:30  
Well, that's one of the things that I'm thinking about is, well, I broke down some of these unresolved ones, right? Just some interesting things. So, like, I don't know if this probably doesn't matter too much, just, I mean, I noticed that some of the attribution breakdowns is different. Cross device is pretty high on these, which makes sense, and I don't, again. Don't this is just garbage. Some of this is just garbage, but the overall stuff is important. So like, half these are cross device. I know, like 70% the T Mobile is this rotating, like, IP, that T Mobile does. I think so. Like, I think what can happen is that they can literally have an IP and then it just switch, yeah, I don't know, like anywhere, so I guess what I'm wondering is that, when that occurs, right, and this is completely unrelated, like we don't, I guess I don't understand how we're supposed to make a link between these at all. If there's, like, which identifier can you use if it's not IP? Because the only thing I can think of is like, obviously, we're trying to say, Hey, what happened? Because this IP change from here to here, we don't see it, right? But if you don't have something else to

Unknown Speaker  5:55  
can you go back to the The Lucid

Unknown Speaker  5:59  
Chart, or the stages? Yeah, it's up here,

Speaker 1  6:08  
right, right, like we touch on the fact that it can be different at every point in time, and there is still a way to trace back, right, the vast start or vast impression IP is literally what goes into the segment that is literally the bid like you found, right? So if you have the verified visit for you know, stage three, you have the IP of that verified visit. You also have the IP of the impression. You need to use the IP of the impression to make sure that you go back and find out, okay? Or you have the impression you should use the bid IP of the impression more more specifically than just the serve or the vast start IP, right? And then you're back at the segment level, and then you keep doing that over and

Speaker 2  6:56  
over, yeah, so what I'm doing is I'm comparing this bid IP to this vast Start Run. So what I'm saying is that when I look back, look back, I don't see this IP anywhere in any event from any stage. That's the limitation that I'm saying is, like, when I grab all these IPs and like, that's what I mean by unresolved is I mean like, I can't find a vast impression IP or vast star IP that exists that matches on that bit, IP, well,

Speaker 1  7:26  
bid IP in stage three, this scenario, we're talking about

Unknown Speaker  7:31  
the vv IP, right?

Speaker 1  7:35  
The VV IP that gets put in there is not what potentially the vast start or vast impression IP,

Speaker 2  7:42  
or not the vid IP. Sorry, I'm saying the bid IP. So not, I'm not talking about this IP here. I'm comparing, I'm tracing this back to the bid IP of the stage that it's attributed to. And then I'm looking at these bid IPs, and I'm seeing, does it match any campaign

Speaker 1  7:56  
with this? Yeah, I think that's the limitation of this diagram, because, like the verified visit itself, right? The best impression, Best Start, those are the IPs that are available to generate the that

Unknown Speaker  8:09  
are logged for the ad. Right?

Speaker 1  8:14  
IP, a verified visit comes in page view IP like happens on good sometimes like it more. The main thing I'm trying to get as like, I I agree that there's definitely this weird aspect of like. It's hard to trace back, because you can't just only use the IP address like. You do have to like, leverage the all the information available in relation to the impression to go backwards. Yeah.

Speaker 2  8:46  
And I was able to use, like, I mean, I know you said not to use GUID, but I was able to see, like,

Unknown Speaker  8:53  
matching goods in some of them, it didn't that's

Speaker 1  8:56  
good, yeah. Like goods are used in terms of verified visits, but they're not used directly in targeting right the end of the day. So, like, they're not as useful, yeah.

Speaker 2  9:07  
So that's the only thing. So basically, this, I just want to clarify, right? So I have the trace, like, just to be clear, if everything worked perfectly in the bid IP was there in the vast projection, like, that's been done for days, like, that's not, yep, okay, okay. It's just the situation where, when I'm like, Hey, look at this pool of bids, I don't see any vast impressions or vast starts. I just don't see them like, at all. There's no blood matching IP to IP for there. And so that's what I'm trying to do, is I'm like, well, we can use the identity graph maybe, and see if, like, we see a matching I don't know something.

Speaker 1  9:39  
No, you don't even use the identity graph, like it is all all the informations that are in the logs that you're looking at. Like, we don't need to bring in external sources in Malachi. And in fact, if you try to bring in external sources, you're probably going to start causing yourself a lot of confusion, and like getting off base. Well, let's, I guess the better. But a good example would be like, Okay, you I'm Hope, what are some of the raw logs for a verified visit, where you cannot do the trace the entire way through?

Unknown Speaker  10:10  
Okay, I can pull that up. I have it over here,

Speaker 2  10:14  
see if it's run. Nope, that one's still running this. One's still running. I think I have one in the past. Yeah, I ran this like 30 minutes ago or 20 something minutes ago. It should be done really soon, but I'll have to look to see if I've got one. All right. Um,

Speaker 2  10:44  
let me just share this. This is not the most up to date thing that I'm running on, but I think I have to this

Unknown Speaker  10:54  
is a query ran before, so

Speaker 2  10:59  
let's see if I can do a verified visit stage three. Oh, is this only stage No, this is only gonna be stage one, so this is not gonna help.

Speaker 2  11:21  
All right. Well, I'd have to rerun something because I don't think I have a direct I mean, it looks just like this, though, this would be an example what it would look like. This is just with one verified the stage one, so there's no full trace. It's just the obviously, the stage one from the start to the bid.

Unknown Speaker  11:39  
So, in fact, I wonder if there's even

Speaker 2  11:44  
an example one that's different in these. These all look the same.

Unknown Speaker  11:51  
Most of the time. They are the same too. But

Unknown Speaker  11:55  
anyways, I'm sorry, what were you getting at, though? Because I could

Speaker 1  11:58  
look there's a 10% difference, right? Right? Like, it's either the window isn't long enough or there's an issue in terms of the logic, where we're not accounting for one of the variations or changes in IP between the different stages and different events, right? So, like, when it comes to this type of problem, like, the best thing to do is to go impression by impression that is not linking and figure out why that specific one did not link back. Because at the end of the day, there is an event in the logs somewhere that put it there. Otherwise it wouldn't be targeted. Right? That part is very, straightforward.

Speaker 2  12:43  
So there's just not a situation to where you're just not going to have a record of

Speaker 1  12:48  
correct, okay, that just does not exist, like, unless there's, like, an outage in relation to the logs. I wish case that's much clearer. Like, like, you wouldn't be seeing any data, or they're like, a data issue there, like, no it, it we block by default, right? In case that part wasn't ever fully conveyed, right? In terms of targeting an IP is by default, not in an audience. The only way it gets into an audience is if that record exists and was processed by targeting.

Speaker 2  13:28  
That makes sense. So I guess I'm trying to this is what I'm trying to understand here. So I know in the this example, right series, the vast impression, vast start, okay, the idea is they can be different in the bid, but it doesn't. It should be the same. The bid in the segment should be the same.

Speaker 1  13:45  
Yeah, that one has to be the same. Well, I again, IP of the bid request right there. Like, that's the part that I was kind of trying to, like, you were saying there were 100% all the time in terms of bid win and serve, right? Like, are you sure? Because that is an area where they can change like because, to be clear how the system functions, we send an IP with a list of segments to the bidder cache. They load that when the bid request comes in, and they respond with it, right? That's in the bid logs, right? Wins happen later. Wins happen as a different API request, right? There is the potential for things to change. Shouldn't but their potential is there you said that at any step after that. Yeah, okay, because there it goes. Augmenter, aka auction bid win in that order, in terms of size and when they happen in time.

Unknown Speaker  14:50  
Okay, so it is because

Speaker 2  14:55  
that's what is the one of the things I was trying to like, confused about is, like, if you have an IP here. And this gets loaded in here, and then it connect to the bid, right? How could the IP change between there? That's what I was confused by. Because I'm like, Well, I don't see it. So, like, one of the things you said is, we're not looking back far enough, right? That's obviously one. But the other one is like, I'm like, Well, what if we are looking back, like, what if we just have all records, right? Could that occur between here and here and for segment?

Speaker 1  15:26  
No, because, like, literally, the fast start event is what puts it in the segment, right? That is all internal. That isn't an API call, per se, that's more of like a it is a log event. We can trace those. We can literally see even the targeting say, Hey, we're adding this to the segment in a specific log entry. And then the bid is, again, they loaded that value that we sent downstream into their cache.

Speaker 2  15:54  
Okay, so help me. Tell me to under I know you just talked about, help me to understand this piece from segment to bid here. So you're saying that, so 100% this, one of these IPs, right, has to get into this segment, okay? And there's no variation, so I'm looking back, but it's possible that the segment and the bid could be different.

Speaker 1  16:16  
Segment and bid response, aka bid request, bid, no, they cannot be different. Now, you've referred to the bid IP in a lot of different other logs, right? There's the win log, there's the bid IP being logged in relation to the serve log, right? And all those other ones, that's where the difference can happen, right? Because for those are other external APIs they're coming in that have populated the bid separately. Like, I know it's confusing, it's a pain in the ass, but like, that's where the disconnect can occur, right? Because as soon as the bidder responds with to the bid request with the list of segments. Everything else is a new API request. And if you're just looking at the IP column in relation to that request, that's where differences can just magically start appearing.

Speaker 2  17:17  
Okay, I guess this is impossible for me to put it on the same one. I think it's a setting, okay, so I just want to, let's, let's talk about the source of truth for some of these, because I think this, this will clear it up. I think that if that's the case, I'm spending too much time, like I was, I was beyond the point. Okay, so when we go from vast impression, fast start, yeah, source of truth, without a doubt, it's going to be the event log, right? Okay, correct. And so we're going to look for that. And so in there we have the IP, I mean, we already talked about it, right?

Unknown Speaker  17:49  
Okay, IP ad server ID, yeah, all the,

Speaker 2  17:53  
yeah, all that stuff, right? And then the specific IP column in the event, I can't remember off the top of my head, but it's one of the IP columns in the

Unknown Speaker  18:00  
event log, it's IP, it's always just IP.

Speaker 2  18:03  
Okay, sweet. So now we're in the segment, and I don't really need to do anything in here, but technically the segment is IP,

Unknown Speaker  18:11  
is what's technically the segment is T more,

Unknown Speaker  18:14  
really, yes, okay,

Unknown Speaker  18:18  
not IP, DSC, okay. I

Speaker 2  18:22  
guess that makes sense, because it's all internal. So that would be what data source, two or three,

Unknown Speaker  18:28  
three in this case, okay,

Speaker 2  18:31  
all right, so now we're talking about the bid so I know I talked about the bid IP, but you said the bid log like, literally,

Unknown Speaker  18:39  
there is a bid underscore log, yes,

Speaker 2  18:42  
okay, and that is going to be the source of truth for the bid IP, okay? And then the serve there's not such thing as a serve log is there? That's the impression. That's what I thought. Okay, yeah, that's what I was thinking. Log is the serve log? And then And then, and then, of course, we have the win log. See, this is the only thing that I was trying to do is because some of them are the same, and it's possible, because it's so rare for it to occur, I could have grabbed an advertiser checked it at 100% match rate. Yes, possible. So what I'm thinking, oh, goodness, Zach, that makes it. The only reason that sucks is it makes the query so long when, oh, I know those tables, you

Speaker 1  19:31  
have to basically pre aggregate these. Or, I don't know how big queries structured internally. How to well structure the query like if these were parquet files, at least you can leave it to the specific columns in question, and it reduces the data set size pretty dramatically. But yes, it is a huge pain, and that's why reporting has always had a trouble with it. And why we've historically had trouble with this is because it is a lot of data. It goes. Is very far back, and there's a lot of hoops that happen in between, like, you're just constantly jumping through hoops in relation to this thing.

Speaker 2  20:11  
Okay, that makes sense. Zach, I think. Well, the reason I was trying not to do it this way is because even when I start adding these tables, which I have just thrown in the impression log it literally, if I don't pre aggregate, and I'm looking for like, 180 days or, I mean, 20 it takes, I mean, literally, I ran it for an hour minutes, yeah. And it's like, I can't do it. So it's really hard to test, because it's like, I'm, I'm both at the same time trying to test and follow a trace, right? But then I have to run these massive queries to verify it, so it's just an excruciating, long amount of time.

Speaker 1  20:47  
Oh, yeah, no, yeah, all right, not a trivial thing to do. Okay? Like, that's also why, like, when we first started talking about this, I'm was saying that it would be nice to pre aggregate all these into their own table. So that way you have a pretty like a centralized lineage. That way it's technically less data and in a better format for you to query against.

Speaker 2  21:11  
Yeah, right. Okay, that makes sense to me, all right, so I think I know what the issue is. Zach like, I think 100% I so I've been sitting here spinning my wheels trying to figure out how to make the connection. The connection. And I basically, because I couldn't find the connection, I was trying to think, well, there must be some other way to link these like that. I'm not figuring out. It sounds like I have to use the source table for every single step of the way to verify this. The only way to get it 100% accurate and

Speaker 1  21:41  
possibly, like, there are, there's definitely going to be ways to optimize. And I think you've probably found a few of them. It's just that, like, I think you tried to optimize too soon, right? Like, you, you optimize once you're at 100% match, right? Yeah. And then you figure out, okay, these things are the same all the time. I can cut this table out and use this column instead, right? Pre optimization never works out.

Speaker 2  22:11  
Well, yeah, that makes sense the and the only reason I would even attempt that is just because it took an extremely long around the time to do it for one advertiser. So I was, okay, well, I think we're at the point here. I just need to break it up. Then what I need to do is I have to do that like I have to create tables that I can query from and join to do this, because there's going to be no way

Unknown Speaker  22:36  
in a reasonable amount of time. So,

Speaker 1  22:40  
yeah, I mean, let me know. I will try to actually dissect your furries a little bit more so that way I can, with more confidence, say things, yeah. Just haven't taken the time it takes me I meant to switch over to thinking SQL style, but yeah, at the end of the day, those are the tables. That's the order. It's a pain, okay, a lot of the time. Like, if you go back to the lucid

Unknown Speaker  23:13  
yeah, here, I'll pull it up on the Yeah, no,

Speaker 1  23:15  
no, you were there. Oh, all right, this is yeah, just Yeah. So, like, one of the things that really helps, in my mind, for this stuff is you can cut out noise if you focus on the either ad served ID or auction ID, preferably ad served ID, but sometimes you the win log table, for example, doesn't have an ad served ID. You have to leverage the auction ID, so you have to know both that when you're going to that table, but you start with a verified visit, and you know the ad served ID and auction ID of that verified visit. You don't need to care about the IP address. You can go to the bid log and find whatever IP address was leveraged there based off that piece of information. You just don't know what time. Well, you have the impression timestamp, so you have a generalized idea of health or bad, okay, but those are, like, the most useful pieces of information besides IP address, okay, right? Because, like, you're basically trying to look up what the IP address was for the segment less than instead of using the IP address that you see for the impression right, like or any of the later step right, because you're always just trying to get to that white box and work your way and go to the next step backwards. And the fastest way to that white box is through the ad served. ID, option, ID, okay,

Speaker 2  24:39  
so just a read. Just want to double check, so verify visit. Click pass. Log, right? Yep. Vast start, vast impression both event log. They're just going to be two different rows, right? You're going to have the same ad served ID, win log, impression log, not the cost impression log. Or can we do the cost impression log for the serve

Speaker 1  24:57  
cost impression log does use some cost. Columns from the win log. I always forget which specific ones I feel like the bid IP, or bid IP column in there is, excuse me, coming from the win log, but that is a question that I would double check with reporting on, okay, I never remember.

Speaker 2  25:16  
That's fine. All right, then the bid logs, that's actually news. I did not know that there was something called the bid log. I was just using the bid IP that was in fair cost pressure log. I think so. Okay, well, I'll start from there and go backwards. I don't really think I need any input. I think that clears up the rest of it. I really like I was saying is that I'm sitting here thinking that it's possible that it just doesn't exist. And so I'm like, looking back, and I'm like, well, that's why I was like, well, let's just look across campaigns and see if this exists at all. And then I have, like, you know, I still had some that didn't exist at all, and I'm thinking, well, we're going back 90 days. So I thought that it was impossible to go further. But it's sounds like

Speaker 1  26:05  
it could be. It could very well be, huh?

Speaker 2  26:09  
That seems weird, though that would be like a weird anomaly, because how would that even occur? Like, um,

Speaker 1  26:21  
I don't know, off the top my head, I have to think about it more. It's it's a pain. It like the windows are just so insanely large, yeah.

Speaker 2  26:30  
Well, one bit of information that I thought you would find interesting, if you didn't know, when I was talking to Ray, he said that he forgot about this, but when the UI team did the TV only conversion, they screwed up the objectives. And so sounds right, yep, and it says that basically, some things can be wrong objectives for. Yeah, I believe that. And so that's another annoying part of this. Because, yeah, I mean, that's, that's all I have to say about that.

Speaker 1  27:09  
Yeah, no, it's a pain. I got a hot man, but we'll take a look, and I'll get back at you. Oh, sweet. Let me know what shape you yep, there.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
