[00:00] I need to get in a better habit about pushing the record button. Should I start, Malachi and Ryan? Yeah, you go ahead. Yes. All right, so we talked about this in the meeting before, kind of do like three different work streams, use this week to kind of investigate this data in ways that we could use this. My first pass is to look at the data we have in Augmentor Log, kind of evaluate some quality around that, and then maybe some ideas around how we could incorporate this into our vertical data source classification. So data source 13, and then thinking about keywords as well. Okay, I'm gonna talk through some numbers here, but this data is Augmentor Log. I pulled a two-day window, and then I did a 1% sample, which is still 250 million rows. So we are at sufficient scale to have some idea of what's going on here. This data is huge. So I think that's the first thing. When we think about how we wanna leverage this, I would love to find ways to like not have to pass rows or have a subset that we pass to like an LLM, right? Because then this is gonna get super expensive. So if we think about classification and kind of the way we do product classification or vertical classification today, we need to think in like distinct signals and then apply them at the IP level later, just given the scale. A couple other small things in here to note, mostly for like Ryan and Malachi as they move forward. There are empty IPs that come through. There are non-US geos as well. So I'm filtering the USA, US, and lowercase US from the geo info field as there's a bunch of other stuff in there. So just a little bit of cleanup. And then what are we working with here? So these are the signals for now in Augmentor Log. This is what we get from Beeswax. So they're saying like, yo, here's this IP. Here's some information about it. Do you wanna bid on it? And let's see. And then what we get, like I said, we have this geo info field which provides a bunch of information. We get the segments they're associated with. So I think this is data that we enrich, we augment onto this. The network that they're on, if this is TV. Then a bunch of information on like the user agent, the operating system, what the device type is, what type of placement this is, if there's a PMP deal, the source, and then the app bundle, site names, domains, the placement types, and then IAB categories. So what I'm gonna talk about, I'm gonna focus on IAB categories because these are actual like taxonomy classifications, IAB, some nonprofit advertising system that everyone kind of follows their research. And so they have a taxonomy for content that they use. So we can get some signals of, you know, this is the genre or whatever for this piece of content where we got a bid signal. In addition to that, I'm gonna talk about domain because what I've seen, this seems to be a mix of like cleaned up site name along with app bundle. So pretty much anytime we have app bundle, it's like one-to-one there. And then it is like a cleaned up or slightly different like site name. So this is another field that I kind of evaluated and consider there. What's a bundle? App bundle, I think is if it's like some sort of connected TV or connected device, like where, what they were on or what they were doing. So like if it's a display or banner ad, this is, you know, fox59.com. Whereas if they were watching like a streaming or CTV show, you know, they're on a Samsung TV Plus or this is Peacock or Pluto TV News, that kind of thing. And I'll show you this, there are some maybe some better signals in here. And so kind of before looking at the data, the idea is, is there enough like semantic information in things like this to allow us to make like a vertical determination? So one, the first thing to start with, and I'm not gonna go through every like cell in this notebook, I just wanna like talk through a few kind of high level important things first and then we'll get to it. But, you know, the way Ryan's kind of talked about this and we think about it is like CTV ads and banner ads, but there isn't like a distinct like binary split that you can do on this data, at least as far as I saw, for this kind of logic. So the best thing that I've been looking at is doing things at this device type level where there is that that distinction exists is just not two categories, right? It's kind of like connected device, connected TVs, and then these other kind and set-top box as well is that kind of TV style of what we're seeing and then kind of everything else as web pages and videos and that kind of stuff. So when we think about, oops, I just saw there was a chat, okay. Just commenting on games console, that's interesting. Very small amount of data, but it exists. So when we think about how we're gonna classify this, I think this is like the first important delimiter is the logic is gonna look very different for connected CTV devices and for PCs, mobile, that kind of thing. Again, on placement types, there isn't just banner and video, there is banner, video, banner and video, and then I filtered out unknown placements, but it's a small number. So the first thing to talk about, I think with these two columns that are of interest is coverage. So IAB categories is the first one and it is inconsistent coverage in our data. So, you know, CTV is obviously the biggest number of rows and 20% of them have IAB categories of some type. So a row can have multiple IAB categories within that array. So the signal is somewhat sparse. And then if we go down and look at the popular ones, I think the other problem with this signal is, it is super generic. So if we look at kind of these top categories across our different types of devices, arts and entertainment, television. So IAB category alone, I don't think is sufficient. You know, maybe we can get some things, right? Like sports is maybe easy that we can put into a vertical, but I think the other ones are just too broad and there's like insufficient semantic information for embeddings to be useful here. That was kind of the thing, that my thinking here of like, well, we could do some embedding on this information and kind of align it to our existing verticals. So this tells me, and we'll get into domains, but like IAB categories alone are insufficient, I think. And an embedding is probably overkill when there's maybe some like simple rules we can do around these things to assign them to verticals if these align with kind of verticals we're interested in. So the next thing I'll talk about is on like the domain side, but I'll pause there for like IAB categories. There are more categories. Go ahead. I was just curious with the IAB categories, this is the categorization of the IPs like attributed ad? This is the IAB category of the content the IP was watching when we received the bid request. Yeah, that's what I was trying to figure out if it was a categorization of the advertisement or the categorization of the like the viewer itself. Right. So then I pulled this, there are three, I think three different versions of IAB categorization. This is the oldest, but it is the only one that had this kind of like IAB ID structure that I saw. So there are some that I looked for that are missing. So like IAB 8 and IAB 11 are in our data, but they are not in this version one of categories I pulled from IAB. But this is kind of like the best I could find. And most of what we're getting are these tier one super generic ones. So I don't know if that's a, that's how beeswax does it. I'm missing something. I kind of doubt it's like an updated version and I'm just seeing the wrong thing just given what we're getting back. But that's to consider here. This is a dumb question as well. Is this, this bid stream data is it's pre-bid, right? Correct. So this is what beeswax sends us and says like, you want to bid on these guys, yes or no. So it's not, it's not, these are the ones that we did bid on. This is everything. Mm-hmm. Correct. Yeah. So that's kind of the first part with IAB where I think there's kind of insufficient information on here for us to move forward. Domains I think are a little more interesting and you can kind of see this here, right? There's this combination of like genres and sites that are related to them. So this is Chicago News Network, for example. So, or a sports network, excuse me, Chicago Sports Network. So, you know, documentary, entertainment, reality, some of these are, Bali Live is a live streaming sports. So there's a little bit more signal that we can parse in here around like the genre of the content in some of these cases. And then with mobile and these things, right? It's more like the URLs or domains obviously associated with them. So no surprising, right? Just like we see in like site visit signals, a ton of just like mail, Yahoo, things that are probably not valuable from this information alone. So kind of the idea I think of how we might try and use this is to, let's see, we can kind of like parse these things out, kind of split up and normalize this text and look for like a genre from that information and then potentially build some rules of how to map these things into verticals. That's kind of my first pass thinking of what we could maybe do here with the
[20:00] Just real quick that I didn't tell you about last meeting is that there is that placement type, what is it, banner and banner and video? Yes. Or domain, that is, domain is the domain of the publisher, and then there's also the URL, so that's why I had Rogus add the full URL, but it only comes through on banner and banner and video, I think. I see. So those domain things you saw on the PC, when you look at the PC thing, the mail.yahoo.com, that is stuff I've kind of already implemented and tried to, yeah, we got it into Matt's feature store, so we're trying to see how that looks. Got it. Okay, so page, which is like the full URL, our best use for that would be like PC-based devices, so probably couldn't take advantage of like CTV type signals from the URL. But then app bundle is like CTV focused, so there's a couple different options there. Also like the other part of this, this is the documentation you provided from Magnite, like what's the future look like here? And what's like the current state of the future? Because that's my other concern is if we're having Mountain Bitter, is it just like leaning on this? I think this open RTB spec? We're going to have like 10 different providers that will provide different types of data. My understanding is this open RTB spec is like pretty standardized. So like the Mountain Bitter would have access to the same things. Okay. Yeah, that's my understanding too. And open RTB is- It makes sense in this world, so that's good. Yeah, open RTB is, that link he had, or you can share it in chat maybe, is from Magnite, and so I know, yeah, this for sure is going to be in the new Mountain Bitter. Okay. And because this is how I found, oh, that we could get the full URL. I was looking through this. Yeah. I'm like, oh, Rogus, can you give me the full URL in the Mountain Bitter? But by the way, the Mountain Bitter doesn't do display ads right now, or it doesn't do banner ads right now, but he said soon it will. Anyway, he said, oh yeah, that's also available in Augmenter Log, so I assume the legacy Bitter is open RTB2 or something. But we could ask Rogus. Yeah, so it looks like Page, which is like the full URL, our best use for that would be like PC-based devices, so probably couldn't take advantage of like CTV-type signals from the URL. But then App Bundle is like CTV-focused, so there's a couple different options there. Also, like in a, like the other thing that we kind of just show the advertisers now is, you know, the channel or network breakdown, where it's like, here's where you, here's your performance by the content, basically. Now we would just like optimize that for them instead of making it, like having them do it. That like- Part of built into the, or there's a possibility of that. I think Brian and Addy have some of that already in their performance pacing. They're like media. Oh, okay. I thought it was like their media plan thing where- That's right, media planning. I would be curious. I think it makes sense from our perspective too, of like IP-level signals of network you're looking at and then et cetera. Mm-hmm, okay. All right, Ryan, do you want to go next or? Did you go for it? Because I got, I was pretty busy. I got like one little thing and that's- Okay, yeah, no problem here. I'll share my screen here. All right, let me know if you guys can see this all right. Mm-hmm. Okay, so I'm going to tell you guys the results and then I'll tell you how I got there after. How's that sound? Okay, so basically what people watch predicts whether they'll visit. So the top three predictors of site visits are features we built. And so I did split them out, but I just thought that this was really interesting. So Fangorn scores, RTC Conquest, and Impression Frequency, they had the highest SHAP values when I did XGBoost prediction on visits. But anyways, when I was looking for features, I scanned all 25 log tables that we had, looked for all the unique signals that we got from each of the tables. And so combined with the existing features, if you take the top IPs, they predict visits 10 times. But if I remove all those features, the top ones are seven times left. So basically from the pool that we're grabbing from, if we remove all the Fangorn and those different scores, these are actually, all these features result in like way better lift. So basically they're very predictive of visits, right? So how much is this worth? This is kind of just, I trained the model on 72,000 IP and advertiser pairs. One of the mistakes I made before is I grabbed a series of advertisers and I did not filter whether or not they got the visit on the same campaign that they were delivered. So I did fix that this morning because I was getting some weird things like saying, oh, if an IP was a part of a lot of different segments, it resulted in higher visits rates. But I think that was just because of the cross visit issue there, which is it's fixed now. So every IP in this data set was pretty much already selected by Vanguard or like Mountain Match V2. And yeah, I mean, that's pretty much it here. So I think I already covered here. So when I first ran the model, the new features were afterthought. So basically like I had device model count, for example, and it was pretty low ranking in the chat values. But when I removed our existing features and re-ran the model, the device model account actually jumped to first. So its important score went up considerably. And so in this case, device model count means like it's, I think it's a household size proxy. A lot of these I assumed because there's no like clear definitions in all the tables, but I believe that's what it is. And so like this would be somebody having a Roku, Samsung TV, phones, things like that, right? So I'm gonna summarize these, but they're actually, I do have a list of all the different features, their shop values and their scores, and then we can go through them individually. But the kind of top 10 things that I pointed out here, so device model diversity is extremely important. So more devices is more likely to visit. Video versus display. So display converts better per impression than CTV, which I thought was interesting. It also makes sense too, because if you're on display, you can just click, right? The barrier of lift is super easy. Content domain breadth. So IPs consuming diverse content are more predictable. Video placement rate. So strong CTV engagement signal. I'm gonna get more into that. I know it's a little vague. The clearing price. So lower clearing price correlates with more visits. So I believe this is the price that we pay for these on the demand side. I think that's what it is, but which I thought was weird. It seems like the price, a higher price would be higher value, but it looks like lower price is actually better. The genre. So entertainment heavy IPs visit less, which is interesting. So as a percentage of the total content that they watch. The total number of auction wins. So market activity. So active IPs, they convert more. PMP deal rate. So curated inventory. If I'm understanding PMP deals correctly, it just results in better visit. Auction count. So we have bid stream breadth. So more auctions is more signal. I mean, I think that's kind of straightforward. And then the IAB category availability. So IPs with richer metadata are more predictable. So kind of connected to what you're talking about, Alex. So I'll leave it on that, but there's basically three things that I pulled out here. Okay. So the current system is validated. I thought that just super interesting. It's cool. Fangorn, RTC, that type of, those types of features, they're indicative of success, but not super helpful for additional features. The content device data is the most important stuff that we could probably start adding to it. So content genre percentages, entertainment, comedy news, things like that. And device diversity are probably the strongest new predictors and they all come from the bid stream. So the exchanges are already sending us this data. And then I just wanted to point this out. The Augmentor log appears to have a 10 day TTL. So we're losing a lot of this content. So we probably need to store it longer term, which I think this is what we're trying to solve, but this is just an important thing that's only 10 days. I do have some three things that I could ask here, but I'd like to actually just go to this appendix here. So here is a table. I ranked every single feature that I went through. This is a mixture of the existing ones, and I might be wrong about these two. I just want to make this clear. So I can tell you my definition is what I consider existing versus new, but essentially this is going to be the shop values ranked from highest to the lowest. You'll get a description, and I might have got the description wrong again. Like I said, we don't have any labeled tables, so some of these might be incorrect, but also what a higher value means. So for example, CI percentage new, this is the total number of percentage of impressions where IP is new. If this is higher, it remains in fewer visits. So basically just think if the feature has a higher score, this is telling you how it affects the visit rate. So I actually shared this PDF in the
[40:00] Yeah, because if that's okay, because I'll give you the hourly Augmenter log stuff that I do. And then you would basically take that and do the same thing. But I think I'm grouping by, I don't know what I'm grouping by. I forget what I pull out of there. Oh, yeah, I like do domain to vertical IDs. So I like group by IP and vertical ID. But so then you would have to add one that does group by IP and does whatever you're doing, you know. Okay, cool. However, I'll send you that link here. Okay, so it sounds like, okay, so it sounds like for you guys new to this, we were discussing two approaches, one where we just build new features off of the bid stream stuff, which it sounds like Malachi, you got a good handle on that, actually. And Alex was kind of talking about, and then the other, yeah, the other angle we were looking at is can we increase audience size, you know, like improving our models with new features is good, you know, that'll get us more accurate scores, we think. But it might not increase the audience size per se. So that was the other side of it where we wanted to like, look at if we can like add more things to DS 13 or DS 19. Can we just add it to site visits signal table? I think we talked about this, right? Yeah, that will flow to DS 13, 19. Yeah, yeah. And that, that'll work. I will do that for the, that covers the display ads. So I was kind of hoping, I was kind of hoping this would be, we would talk more about like non display things, you know, like, like if we could rip features out of like the connected TV stuff, like what Alex was talking about. Let me, Malachi sent you the Python script that does all Glitterlog by Howard. Or yeah, so let me, I guess I have something very brief that I just threw together today and I could share it, but it's not too impressive, I'd say. I was just going back to the NBA stuff, you know, or there's PMP deals, you know, where we know somebody's watching an NBA game and also HGTV ones. So I kind of grabbed both of those. And the way, the way I kind of took this, I was trying to look at, look and see if somebody is watching an NBA game. There's a bunch of NBA games on last night, but I know the Suns played the Orlando Magic or something. So I looked at the GUID log for when the game was on. I believe this is around the time the game was on. And I looked at IPs that visited like a fast food restaurant. Like I know one of our advertisers is a pizza place I go to every now and then, Rosati's Pizza here. So I was just kind of seeing if you're watching the NBA game, if you're more likely to visit fast food place versus somebody that's just watching HGTV during the same time. Where do you get the PMP deal definitions? That's a good question. It's this table in... So those are our PMP IDs, not like from the auction? Yeah. No, actually, I think this is from the partner. They build it, you know, like this is a beeswax thing. Yeah. But this in Augmenter log, that's how they come in. And which is different. So yeah, just some more background. In DataSource 42 that the select team uses, and by the way, the select team only uses it to get the audience size. They use these integers here. So we have to convert to populate DataSource 42. We convert this PMP thing to this integer. Because to be a DataSource category ID, you have to be an integer. You can't be a string. So anyway, I'll give you this. Yeah, I should look at PMP as well. Yeah. And they have a name. This table isn't made by us. Floor price might be interesting, but I don't know what else is interesting here. Channel ID, maybe that is interesting. I have no idea. I don't know what a lot of this means. So whatever. So yeah, okay, let me... Malachi, I sent you the Python script that does Augment or Log by Hour. Cool. Oh yeah, so then I looked at... I actually looked at the bucket 129, which is a bunch of fast... whatever. It's Uber Eats is in there and everything I know. I'm not going to go through all the code. I'll just show you the results, actually. It's maybe kind of interesting. So the number of people that landed on a fast food vertical ID, the number of distinct IPs that landed on a fast food vertical ID or whatever in GUID log was like 2.8 million during that time window that I'm looking at, like this five-hour window when I think the NBA game was on. The NBA PMPs have way less IPs, though, so this is why I'm not very happy with this result. 3,000 IPs are watching an NBA game during that window, which doesn't seem like a lot to me. So anyway, and then 55,000 were watching HGTV. These are the overlaps, basically. So basically, 6.5% of the people watching the NBA game also landed on a fast food website in the GUID log compared to 5.8% in HGTV. So there's maybe a slight lift there, but again, I'm only looking at like five hours, and we don't have a lot of IPs here. That's about all I came up with. Like if we implemented a rule like, oh, if you're watching an NBA deal, put them in the fast food vertical or whatever, I don't think it would do much. So just because of how few of these there are. Is part of it because of that issue with the IPs and like live sports? That could be, yeah. And like how we're handling that or we're handling that out. Yeah, that could be because, yeah, a lot of these could be the dot zero ones, although this should be higher than because this. Yeah, that could be. Oh, and actually one other thing that made me think, one other thing, Alex, if you see a blank IP field in Augment or Log, if you look at IPv6 field, it's probably populated. And so that goes back to like the identity graph. We should be able to like take those IPv6s and get a household ID, you know, if there's a blank IP field. So, yeah. Okay, well, we'll get all the requests into one and I'll, if we give Rogus a big win with like what he already added for us, and then I think he'd be more likely to like help us out, so. Cool. All right. Take it easy, guys. Thanks, everybody. Take care. Thank you. Thanks. Bye.
