Good, good.
Cool.
Thanks for going through this with me.
Yep.
Yeah, a lot of this is getting used when Victor made, so it's kind of cool.
I don't know if you've paid much attention to what he made, but I'll try to explain some of his stuff too.
Okay.
Let me share my screen, I guess.
We'll start with...
Okay, dude, the feature store is just nebulous.
It's really just a series of DAGs that runs.
And it's a nebulous thing.
I mean, eventually we might serve features up in...
Let me see.
Vertex.
Have you seen Vertex in Google Cloud or whatever?
Yeah, I've used it.
Or whatever.
Yeah, okay.
I hate getting there.
Anyway, yeah, they have this feature store.
This is kind of where the name came from.
Yeah, whatever.
I'm not going to walk you through it necessarily, but...
There we go.
But yeah, eventually we could make feature sets here.
But the feature store is where in order to get here, it has to be in BigQuery.
And then you can serve them up, the features, with API requests.
But in order to do that, they also have to be in Bigtable.
So it's like, we output data to GCS, then we have to put it into BigQuery to get it as a feature store.
Then we have to put it in Bigtable to get it to serve up.
So it's like copying our data three times.
So for now, we're not doing any of that.
So you kind of just forget about that.
But that's eventually, you make some cool features that are predictive of something, we could give them to Mountain Select or whoever wants to build a model.
So anyway, so if you come to Airflow, there's these three...
We're mainly going to be dealing with these three DAGs to start with feature store.
So feature store hourly, this one you don't need unless you're doing Augmentor log stuff, which you're kind of doing.
So unfortunately, you got to kind of understand this.
And this right now, there's just one job running that rolls up the Augmentor log, does it group by IP and vertical ID.
And this is how...
We're not actually using it yet, but eventually, Vancorn, we might feed it features from the Augmentor log.
And you sent me that link to the GitHub before.
Yeah.
The hourly and all that stuff should be there.
Yeah, so in GitHub, if you go under, what is it, models?
Feature store.
This is the folder you'll be working in mostly.
Okay, that's perfect.
And there's three layers.
I call it three layers.
It's a little convoluted, but basically, the first layer, I call it a source layer.
And this is where you're going to roll things up.
You're just going to roll things up by hour or by day.
There's only one by hour thing, the one I gave you.
And then the by day one here depends on the hourly one.
Just so you know.
So this is all kind of like...
So layer one, you're doing it by day.
And you should kind of consider...
Am I...
Go ahead.
No, am I to understand that every single one of those files is a different aspect of a different feature that we're loading?
Oh, yeah, it's multiple features.
Yeah.
Tons of features, yeah.
But it's more than just the Ogg log IP vertical ID hourly, right?
There's all the Python scripts in there that are doing different things.
Yeah, I have different...
Like this is Salesforce by advertiser ID.
So this is where we take Salesforce cases and group by advertiser ID and give it a date or whatever, and then get a count of whatever these cases are.
Okay.
In my circumstance, though, I guess I'm going to ask, so where is the current feature store bucket?
Do we have a link for that?
Or where is it in GCP?
In GCS?
Okay, so what you're going to do is you're going to add a file here, and then I'll show you the GCS buckets, how they're arranged.
They look pretty much like the...
GCS.
Okay, yeah, they look pretty much like how those...
how the...
Yeah, GCS.
Okay, yeah, they look pretty much exactly how that folder structure looks in the repo, the Git repo.
So here, let me show you.
So everything goes into Data Archive Prod, and then feature store right here.
So you see here, feature group one source, which matches the folder, which matches this folder here.
Feature group two derived and feature group three pivoted.
So those are all in here.
Okay.
Can you just give me that link there?
I'll grab the rest of them, but perfect.
Thank you.
Yeah.
So now we're starting to get into the stuff that Victor made.
So...
let me not go there yet.
I'm not going to go there yet.
But anyway, so you see all these Oglog IP vertical ID.
So you'll find here Oglog IP vertical ID.
You know.
Oh, here's an hourly Oglog IP vertical ID hourly.
So Oglog IP vertical ID hourly there.
You know, so all these are kind of in the bucket that the Python file is named.
And so this is layer...
this is the layer one stuff.
Layer two is where you start going into...
there's less things here.
But this is where we start going like, okay, now that we have a daily roll up, go back 30 days.
You know, a lot of math stuff is like, go back 30 days and get visits.
Go back, do, you know, whatever.
And then join it to, you know, join GUID log and conversion log.
This is one of Alex's thing.
And so he's rolling GUID log and conversion log rolled up by advertiser ID and data source category ID.
And you'll see it's writing out every day.
So it's...
if you look at the...
you can probably look at the DAG.
If we look at the DAG.
Sorry, I got stuff running too, so...
Oh, this is prod, never mind.
Feature store hourly, this is like where hourly things run, but feature store setup model, this is probably a bad name for it.
This is just what I started calling it.
Because I originally...
I won't tell you why, but yeah, this is not a good name.
But this is the stuff that runs daily.
So every day at one...
what is it, 1.30 or 1.03?
At 1.03 a.m., all this stuff runs.
And let me show you kind of like this view.
So it runs everything in feature, in the layer one, you know, so this is like all our daily roll-up stuff.
And then layer two, you know, this one depends on these two things.
So it like joins these two or something, whatever it does.
And it might also go back 30 days and get like some metrics from this one.
So is this all executed in that Airflow repo?
Isn't there a mono repo for that now?
Or is it not?
Yeah, it's all one big mono repo.
I mean, it's all the Airflow stuff is in that one.
And then the third layer, there's really not much to the third layer.
The third layer is like if you have to pivot things, you know, so when Matt makes Fancorn, you know, he gets the count...
he gets like the seven-day count for, you know, he does like a group by IP, group by vertical ID, and then he gets the last seven-day visits, 30-day visits, 14-day visits, seven-day conversions, whatever, blah, blah, blah.
And so this table right here in the second layer is still like really tall, you know, but when he builds his model, he needs it like a long way, you know, like the pivoted.
So I'm sure you know what a pivot is, so I'm really just describing a pivot.
So what this is is this is one row per IP and then each vertical ID.
Inside here you'll see like...
I can show you the data, but you'll see last seven-day visits for vertical 11000, last 30-day visits for vertical 11000, last seven-day visits for a different vertical, 123000, you know, whatever.
So it gets wide.
Couple questions.
Number one, this is an astronomer.
Can...
I guess I can go to this link.
If you send me this link, it'd be great, but I know you can zoom out on this.
There's probably a way to export a picture of that.
Is there not?
Like if you hit that...
I think if you hit that square button down there, that sets it to size.
Yeah, and then if you go to the options, I'm not sure if you can export.
Oh yeah, maybe.
I can just take a screenshot.
Yeah, just do that.
That's probably easier.
I mean, I could do it too.
I was just thinking that's nice to know.
What would be really beneficial though would be to have the location of where these DAGs are.
That's in Airflow, you said?
Yeah, okay, so the DAG itself...
So let me show you.
So the DAGs are under...
Hang on, it takes me...
Right here, under models.
We kind of...
The stuff that Victor's working on, we put under DAGs models.
Okay.
So here you see the three feature store ones.
Okay, so I'm under...
Oh, this is product, right.
Feature store hourly, all that stuff here.
Yeah.
Okay.
So you're going to add...
So you'll probably add...
So what was one of the features with Augur log?
Augur log, number of...
What was it?
Just Augur log, I forget what.
Number of rows or something.
Are you...
You're asking Batch, which this is serverless Dataproc, or Dataproc cluster, where you create your own cluster and you submit the job.
I forget what those are called.
I think it's Dataproc jobs.
But just use Dataproc batch, basically.
And then he also set up to use DBT or Databricks, I think.
But long story short, just use Dataproc batch, and this is where you put in the compute-specific parameters, like how many executors you want.
These settings aren't good on...
You can't set these on DBT or on Databricks or whatever.
It's different settings.
Okay, so you're in...
I just want to make sure.
This is Airflow TI Feature Store.
Okay, it's separated.
Oh, models?
I thought it was there.
Feature Store.
Yeah, models, Feature Store.
Airflow TI, models, Feature Store.
Okay, I see it.
Yeah, I just didn't go to the Feature Store.
Okay, I see it.
We're all good.
I just wanted to make sure I could see it.
Okay, and then...
Okay, and I don't want to...
Okay, yeah, I don't want to take up too much of your time.
And then the Spark settings themselves, you put here.
So these settings should work no matter where your compute is.
So if that makes sense.
Whether you're running on Dataproc Batch or Dataproc Server or whatever, Dataproc or Databricks or whatever, these should just work.
Your AI should be able to tell you all that stuff.
Yeah.
Okay, so then this is just a Spark job from here on down.
That's all it is.
There's whatever, static methods.
Model...
I think you might have to...
I think you do have to have this.
I forget, whatever.
But yeah, here's a Pandas UDF.
Your AI can help you with all that stuff.
There's, you know, if name is main and whatever, then run main or whatever, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
So that's all there is to it.
Now, okay, so this is an upstream model.
So now I'm going to show you why it's important that you have a class name here.
And so let me go to a downstream model.
So that's the hourly version.
So here's the daily one where I want to refer to that hourly version.
Oh, wait, how does this work?
Oh, yeah, yeah, sorry.
All right, so this is a...
So again, you see the two decorators.
You know, we tell it what compute settings to run with and then where it's going to store itself.
Should we adjust the compute settings based on, probably based on like how big the data is that we're dealing with?
Yeah, yeah, like you can see here, min executors 10, max 50.
I bet, I think the, man, was it you that showed me?
I forget, dude, my cursor sucks sometimes.
Like closes, like I click one file and it closes the other one.
Anyway, the hourly one, yeah, max executors 200 because this is reading the raw augmenter log.
Yeah, yeah, this is a big.
It's like, it's nasty, yeah.
Now this one's reading the rolled up hourly version.
Mm-hmm.
So I'll show you.
Okay, so now this is the important part that I want to show you.
Hourly reader.
So Victor implemented this read model function and it just extends Spark's read basically.
And so what you're passing here, what I'm passing here is the file name, basically oglogipverticalidhourly and then the class name.
So what this is going to do is basically refer to that hourly version, the upstream model.
And that's how he figures out, that's how he figures out if you change something in this, if all I did is change something in this file, he would read the hourly one from prod, you know, and he would write this one out to dev.
Mm-hmm.
So that's how he figures it out because you're telling him, oh, this depends on this file.
So if that makes sense, then you pretty much got it then.
And so then this just reads it and this creates a data frame.
And then, okay, yeah, you load a date, optional, whatever.
This is all Spark load now.
So your AI could tell you more about it.
Victor, I should have Victor in here because he's a whiz at this stuff, dude.
Mm-hmm.
But anyway, so now this is a data frame and then you just do your thing.
So this says group by IP vertical ID.
And I guess the date, whatever.
Get the, oh, yeah, because this is the daily level dub.
Yeah, get the visits, first visit time, last visit time.
Oh, yeah, some visits, min the first visit time, max the last one, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
There's actually not much to this.
And then write it out.
So this is still in layer one.
So then in layer two, when I want to consume that one, I'm in a different branch to main, by the way, so this might look slightly different.
So then in layer two, what I want to do is consume that daily one, go back 30 days, get the visits by vertical ID, yada, yada, yada.
And so let me go to your, this is cut off a little, or I can't, where is, ah.
Oh, did it cut off the whole PDF?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, hold on.
I can fix that.
I didn't realize that it did that.
That's weird.
It's actually not, oh, it is cut off here.
Yeah, one second.
Let me get you a new one.
Okay, Augmenter log percent CTV.
So I assume this is like an IP level, or you're looking at like, what's that field?
Not the placement type, but like, I don't even know where you got CTV from.
What's the field called?
Or here's one where it's video placement type.
So what you would do is make an hourly job that reads Augmenter log, groups by IP, and placement type.
Uh-huh.
So you'll have one row per IP and placement type, and maybe a CTV might be a placement type or something, maybe not.
So that'd be the first thing you do.
So every hour, you'll get a count, just do a count one or whatever, or row count, you know?
And so every hour, you know, so name it like placement type count, or I don't know what you want to call it.
Mm-hmm.
You know, call it placement type count.
And then do a daily roll up of that.
And then to get like percent of total, so I guess you would need also like a total version, which you could either, like I would keep that all in one script if you can, you know?
Or actually, sorry.
Yeah, you're going to roll it up hourly, do a count by placement type, and then roll up daily, sum that count by placement type.
And then, so those will happen in layer one.
And then in layer two, you're going to decide, I don't know if this goes back like X days or what, but if all you care about is the previous day, and then layer two, you're going to say, okay, what percent of those rows were video?
So then you're going to get the total count of rows per IP, and then the total count that was video placement, and then, you know, divide one by the other.
And then that's your feature, and that'll be in layer two.
Okay.
And you would call it something like, if it's just one day, you would call it something like, or I would drop, whatever.
So it's like the bronze layer is going to be like at the IP level, and then it's agged up afterwards.
I just don't understand if it's based, I don't get the benefit of agging it up.
Oh, is it agged up at the IP level still?
Yeah, you should.
I mean, because that's what I assume these features are, right?
Let's see.
Yeah, I'm not quite sure.
That's one thing I was asking you about.
Because are you saying like more visits, IPs that have more video placement bids get like visit more often?
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, so you'd have group by IP.
Yeah, it seems like everything's going to be grouped by IP.
So I was just trying to, okay, that makes sense to me.
I think this is all clear.
Okay.
And so what I would say you're building is you're building a feature set or feature store, if you want, whatever, at an IP level.
So at the very end of the day, the very final output you should strive for is something that has one row per IP and it changes daily.
You know, like whether you go back 30 days, you know, you could have a rolling window 30 days back or one day back.
I don't know what's important here, like just one day back or seven days back.
Usually Matt goes to seven days back, 14 days back, and 30 days back.
Yeah, that's pretty standard for stuff too.
Also, it's kind of interesting too, if you start to weight value, like how valuable certain things are, real-time conquesting is actually extremely valuable.
Like recency is super important.
If you look at that PDF, I sent a new one, sorry, it's not cut off, the new one I sent you.
I used one conversion there, but if I go to the top with the existing, yeah, so, okay, so the top one was the percent new.
So percent impressions where IP is new was the most important.
Let me, is that, oh, right here, or Whether or not it got an impression within its campaign ID, or campaign group ID, if it had a visit within that campaign group ID.
So all these are at the IP level, they're not aggregated to like advertiser or anything like that.
Okay, cool.
Yep, so some interesting stuff.
But yeah, it seems like I think I have enough.
I can reach out to you if I don't.
Yeah, so for augment log specific, you know, somewhere in your code, I would say there's gonna be a group, there's definitely gonna be grouped by IP, placement type, because I see a video, CTV device type.
So it's so, you know, I'd have group by IP, placement type, device type.
And then what else do you have distinct content domains consumed?
There's a lot of features that are not like specific.
So like distinctness is a little tricky.
So maybe just skip that for now.
And I can, I could show you how to do that later.
We do with sketches.
Or if you want to ask your AI how to do with sketches.
Auctions this IP appeared in.
So I don't know how you got the count of auctions, you know, but that's probably just count of rows, I assume.
So that, you know, so that's easy to get.
I mean, you don't have to do that in layer one, you know, because you'll, yeah, you don't do that in layer one.
Auctions of IAB category data, you know, so you could group by IAB category data.
Also throw that in your group by on layer one.
Auctions of PMP deals.
Or you could just, what you probably want to do is make a column that says case when IAB category data greater than, you know, is not null, then one else zero.
As I make it like has IAB data.
And then for PMP deals, do the same thing.
Case when PMP is not null, then one else zero.
And then distinct networks, publishers, distinctness is a little hard.
So maybe this distinct stuff.
Yeah, distinctness is a little hard.
Okay, well, let me, can I look into this and then like, see if I have some questions about it.
I think it's actually, I think that I'll be able to figure it out, but I will reach out and my goal is to get it done.
I don't know how long it'll take me, but.
Yeah, make a ticket.
I already made a ticket for it, so.
Yeah, if it's done by next print, then you're all good.
Don't worry about it.
There's gonna be a lot to learn.
Yeah, just have your AI do it.
That's all I do anymore.
I just vibe code anymore, so.
Well, the biggest thing that's been helping me a lot and I was telling Alex is the way to do it is like, I mean, there's lots of different ways to do it, but honestly, I feel like Claude code is the best.
You can set up Claude files where it's like, it reads it every single time.
But the biggest thing is context I've found.
Context is super important.
So what you do is you set your Claude like input files to say like, do things like always commit this or always do this structure or always, you know, every time you learn new information about this, add it to knowledge docs, right?
And so what you basically get is at this feedback loop where as you're working on tickets, it adds more to the knowledge docs, you get more information, more specific stuff.
And so like, it's gotten to the point now where like, for example, Alex just asked me some questions about some like audience tables.
I have knowledge docs that has every single table that we have already.
And then like anytime I've had like specific gotchas, like where it's like, oh, don't use this table, use this in this circumstances, like those get added to a different document.
And so like I'm able to answer questions like super quick on this too.
So I mean, the biggest drawback is I haven't done it for Airflow, but once I add the Airflow repos and I add exactly how it's going to be used, next time I need to do something like this, it's gonna be super simple.
Dude, yeah, just give it my auglog hourly thing, tell it you want something like that, give it the features you want, you know, give it the scheme of the augminer log and I bet it'll figure it out for you.
I'll write it all for you.
So.
Yeah.
Cool.
Hey, I appreciate it, man.
Yeah.
On a different note.
Here, let me stop.
