Okay, I think, I think you're good. Go ahead. Let me know when you're ready. I think you're good. Okay, cool, so we're starting over here, right? We need to know, okay, this guy happened? What ad over here, got us all the way over here, right? So if we start, we can work our way backwards in a second. But let's start with the forwards flow, because it's a little simpler, right? So we start off with the stage one, what the user audience is defined as, right? Like we're targeting IP one, right? I'm only going to refer to the last digit, because that's all that matters, right? The bidder sees IP one come through in the bid stream. It looks up IP one, finds that it's associated with segment A, and it decides wants to buy that ad. So we all the ad server, right? We call it a serve request. At that point in time, we actually can get a different IP address than what we got on the bid can be dot two, right? These don't have to match. What does match in between them is the auction ID. I can just pick that here. Yeah. So auction ID is the commonality between there and even here, because the win is like another event that kind of comes in after from beeswax in the direct SSP world, it might even potentially kind of go away in concept. But for right now, let's just focus on the beeswax world. There's a win event. You track it. You can track all these things via auction ID, and the win can come in on yet another IP address, right? And so this is coming from beeswax. This is coming from beeswax, roughly speaking. Now the ad goes out and gets played, right? This is an event that's coming back from the vast media file being played in a player. It can come back on yet another IP address, and then the vast start is yet another event that comes back from the media playing, right? This is actually media load. This is media play. And it yet again, can have a different IP address now the verified visit system, and targeting both function off of vast impression and vast start, we cast the net across both those IPS if they are different, right? So we log the impression with that IP address, and we log the impression with that IP address four and five, right? So IP address in this example, for this ad that is served in stage one. Consider this column one ad play. We are targeting two different IP addresses for the same ad in stage two, right? So Does that all make sense so far? Yeah, the just a quick question, is that, because the last this might just be in your example. Is that because the last part of IPv four doesn't really matter and it's the first three parts? Or can they be, oh no, it matters a lot. Well, I mean, I guess I'm wondering if I don't know enough about IPv four, but like, if the first segment, the second and third tell them, like, all they need to know, as far as, like, the location or where the delivery and then the last three is just kind of like a, I don't know, a random identifier that makes sense. No, nope. That's not how I PV four works. IPv four is too scarce for it to work that way anymore. It is. They do still sell IPv four in terms of chunks. So a chunk could cybertrunk could potentially reference a generic region, but it's not going to reference a household. You need the full thing for it to matter. Okay, that makes sense. And I understand how IPv six kind of, I mean, there's just so many, but All right, well, I don't want to derail you too much from here, but are we, like, entirely aware of what changes the IP. Is this just based on, I guess? I mean, there's a lot of things I guess could change the IP. But is this majority have to do with your Wi Fi router changing, or, I don't know, some weird like that, or is there some intermediary thing that I don't know? Why that because beeswax is is pulling it from the household right at the time. I guess, why is the IP changing? I guess is like, how? Because, how would they know? Like, if the IP is different, they know it's this household, but if that household doesn't have that same IP anymore, how can they bid on it? I mean, beeswax stops up. Here, right? Like they may send us this event, and they may send us this event, and they're logging the IP address that they see come back for those events, but they're tying it the same way we would tie it the auction IP auction ID is very unique. It's unique to every ad slot, roughly speaking, okay, so it's possible to target using an IP that that household is no longer using. Is that? Am I saying that correctly? It's more that. Think of it. You're in the world where the IP is a household in an actual house. Is this likely to change as much as it currently does? No, okay, cell phones, mobile, anything that can hop between different networks. Right? Your cell phone, if you're watching an ad or your tablet, has a chip to connect to both Wi Fi and cell cellular, it will go back and forth between the two depending on the signal. Yep, that makes sense. Or if you're hopping wi Fi's, that will change too. If you're in a T Mobile area, and like, you have your neighbor close by, and the way T Mobile works, you can kind of hop between the two, like you could go between two different IP addresses there. Yeah, that's literally hard to cover money, like right now, I have T Mobile at my band's house, and it doesn't have super good service here. So actually switching between the Wi Fi and the cellular so, I mean, it makes sense. So there's any number of reasons why that can happen. The why is interesting, but like, at the end of the day, like, it happens, so you have to account for it. Like, the why doesn't necessarily play into how you're going to account for because you don't know the exact why you can hypothesize and, like, rattle off things like I just did to try to justify it, but at the end of the day, does that matter? No, it's just it is happening, so you just gotta deal with it. Yeah? And there are too many variables, too about selling, like, all the different stuff. So I don't even think knowing the why and that would it's not meaningful, is exactly right. Okay, cool. Anyways, continue. Sorry, I didn't derail it, yep. So we did that in stage one. The exact same pattern happens in stage two. Great. We got IPv. We got IP four. Could be four and five actually are over in stage two, but we're just going to focus on four, right? So start with one. Now we're on four. Same process. Bid was going to match, because that's what bidder is linking up on. Then we start down this whole process of up. It can change. It can change. It's it has changed. We serve another impression. We can generate verified visit on it. Boom. We generate a verified visit on this guy or this guy, because they're both eligible. And then that's what puts this IP, IP eight, into stage three. But then we still have to serve the ad in stage three, so we still go through the pull process again, and we end up with the vast impression and vast start being logged for stage three, which are what are then eligible for a verified visit in stage three. So we end up over here with IPv, with I keep saying IPv, but IP 13 or 14 as a verified visit option, and we started with one. So in order to work your way back, you have to look at the verified visit IP address, right? Because that is supposed to link up with the best start impression, right? So this guy has to link to this guy, and then you have to go, okay, based off of the auction ID and or ad served ID, let's just also put ad served ID in here, because that's the other main column. Or, yeah, the ad served ID is the one that mountain generates when we respond with a serve request. It's unique for every single serve request, right? So this ID is in all the this event, in this event, and it's in this event, right? So, for Sandy's sake, right? So you, you go back, you're like, Okay, what, um, what start or impression events had this IP address, right? Well, actually, for state, for this one, you actually also have the ad certified ID. Sorry, you do have that piece of information, because the verified visit, by definition, has to have a page view and a verify impression, right? Or at least an impression and event that were that generated the verified visit is better way to phrase it. So we have the impression, so we have the ad certified view. And we have the IP address. So like, Hey, let's go look up the ad served ID. What I What? What was the bid IP for that ad served ID? Right? So we also have bid IP being populated throughout this pipeline in relation to events as well. Sorry, I'm kind of all over the place, but so we start with AD served ID, great. We can go look at the ad that was the impression. You can look up the bid IP. Okay, great. That's the IP that we actually bought for, right? So that should be this guy. This guy should correlate to a start or impression event or either stage one or stage two. Gotta check them both and then do the same process. Okay, find the most recent, more than likely either most recent or, you know, first one within the time window going back 30 days. Potentially find the impression with the IP address, find that ad served ID, and then work your way back, and then just kind of keep repeating that process I see. So there's a potentially a way to link them? Oh, yes, okay, okay, that sounds good. Quick question, I know. So can we actually define stage one, stage two and stage three? Yes, okay, so my understanding is that stage one is an IP that's never had any sort of ad delivered to by us, correct? And it will sort of, I'll let you know, stage one is quite literally the So stage one is relative to prospecting currently. Ideally, we to stage 123, set up for returning, but that's not the current case, so we'll ignore that for right now. But the most general way to define stage one is the the user defined audience, or the user defined segment, taking into account the different configurations that they have defined for their account, right? So they've gone into the UI, clicked a bunch of buttons, create an audience, right now, they take that audience, that's a generic container of IPs, right? And they associate that to a campaign. Campaign is the has the concept of prospecting, and, you know, other attributes associated with it. And they have account level settings like block page views and block conversions, right? That's the whole thing that you were talking about, like of, you know, not being to the site or not having an ad played against it. There's nothing about the ad being played against it. It's just, have they been to the site type situation, gotcha. And that's only if that have that configuration enabled, right? So, like stage one is in the most generic engineering, technically correct way of defining it is the user defined audience with all of their advertiser and campaign level configurations applied to it. Okay, right? So, like that, it takes into account. Okay? They defined, say, they defined a keywords. Audience, okay, we know we have to block page view their site. Page Views from, like, a keywords. Audience, so that's in there because of that. You that campaign and that advertiser level configuration type deal, yeah, okay, so stage one is kind of like the base level. They've created an audience where, like, Hey, we're going to target this. Okay, so okay, and then we have stage two and stage three. Then those so your stage one exists to start, and stage two and stage three don't, right. They have nothing to start, then we start serving ads in stage one, right? And that action, that event, the ad actually playing, the best impression, Best Start, is an event that we target off of in stage two. So that's how that gets populated. We don't ever remove an IP from stage one because of an ad serve in that context, right? What happens is frequency capping goes into place, right? We don't hit them back to back because of frequency capping, but we don't explicitly remove them from the audience itself because. That wouldn't actually make sense, like eventually they would need to go back in type situation. Yeah, it's much more efficient and conceptually a little bit better just to let the frequency capping do its thing, because it itself would be technically, functionally removing it from the audience. Right? Okay, so, like, the one common thing that people tend to think that it's just actually incorrect is, like, IPS move between stages. That's not correct. IPS get added downstream to each stage, but they never transition. Right there they keep they'll be in stage one and then in stage one and stage two, or they'll be in stage one two and then added to stage three. They don't get removed upstream until the event that put them there timed out. Right? Okay, so, like you get added to stage two for 30 days. Like you we log this impression, this start event, and you're that data point lives in here for 30 days. So like, when that data point expires, then yes, then you are no longer on stage two. But like you're, you're not being moved from Stage Two to stage three. When a verified visit happens. You're now in both gotcha so you can remove things from stage two and stage three, but stage one stays the same. Is that? Yeah, well, say, roughly speaking, I mean stage one again, it's an expression. So like, if data points in stage one indicate that that IP is no longer eligible for their audience definition, then, yes, it is removed, but it's not because of an ad being served. There's an asterisk there, but we can ignore that for now. Yeah, yeah, okay, that makes sense to me. So basically, what you're saying is that if someone created an audience and all that in there on stage one, and then you were to serve an ad to every single one of those IPS eventually, depending stage two would equal stage one at that point, yeah, with the asterisk of not you know this, this crap at the bottom, yeah. And then, and then, the other thing would be too, is that stage one eventually, if you give it enough time, would all be eligible again in stage one like to actually be targeted, that's the thing. So there's no reason to take them out. We just, we just track whether or not they've seen ads. So, and I've seen that whole thing before, right? That's like impressions and all that. Yeah. Okay, so stage two basically is just everything in stage one that received an ad, yep, okay, based off of these events, okay, yeah, okay. And stage three, now it can come from stage one and stage two, so it must be different than stage two, right? It's not just the it's not just what comes up, I guess. Okay, I'll let you define it. I have no idea what stage three is, so, yeah, verify visits, right? Like, okay, it is the ads from stage one and stage two or more, specifically, the IP addresses it from stage one and stage two impressions that had a vast impression about start event that then triggered a verified visit Right. Like we log this these red boxes. Each one time this red box happens, we send a thing to verify visits right, and when a page view comes through, right, blue line, PV, AK, page view happened. We link that page view to an impression that IP address that generated the verified visit is now added to stage three. And the reason they can come from stage one or two is stage one would be technically the first ad, and they could technically get a verified visit from the very first ad. But if it's a stage two, then it means that it's either their second or third or whatever ad, right? Because if they get a verified visit from the stage two, yes, that's correct. Yeah, that's right. Okay, so, so that's really the only difference between stage one stage two is you, in a very simplistic terms of stage two, basically, it's just people who have seen at least one ad and it hasn't. TTL, yes, whatever. Okay, yes, pretty simple. So stage three, basically is just our verified visits, and that's okay, so I get it. It's not, it's not a waterfall, it's it could come from either four, all right. And so now that's the issue where, since the vast impression and the vast start can be wildly different from the I guess what the IP was stored in the category ID, then we could be doing two things. We could well the. So the vast impression is a category ID, right? That is the we're tying a category ID to this IP address. That's how it gets in stage three. Kind of same thing for stage one to stage two. Now, if you're talking about like this, the stage two or three IP being tied to the does that set of IPs in stage two? Is the Venn diagram of circle between stage two and stage one, right? Or a better way to phrase it is like the stage two circle entirely inside of stage one in terms of Venn diagram. No, they overlap highly, like 97% but there is a 3% part of the stage two circle that is not inside of stage one because of that newly generated because of the sky, yeah. Okay, so I guess we so in segment A, we're looking there that's basically all their category IDs and all the IPs in them, right? My question is, is that, since we get the vast impression and the vast start in that stage one, do we then update this segment, that initial one with the new IP? Because I don't understand why? No, it doesn't go backwards. Does not go backwards, so we'll still have that IP one. Because, like, think about what you're like, the it'd be a very weird system. Because, like, if, okay, we targeted segment a because it had a set of GEOS, bunch of page views in relation to Malachi, etc, puts in the audience, right? And this one comes in, and now we're saying, oh, we need to look up what the stage one IP had, like, everything it had associated with it, because there's a whole shit ton of other information unrelated to this exact segment. Like, are we just saying, oh, we need to, like, figure out what aspects of the segment correlated for state for the first IP and associate the second IP, that would be kind of disastrous. So it would really kind of fan everything out so much that, like the data would become very meaning, even more meaningless. Well, is Is this an identity graph issue? Or identity graph would want to connect that IP one to, I mean, basically, in this example, one through 14, we'd want to say, oh, that's all the same. Person is that it is, to an extent, to be clear, there's a very simple solution to this whole problem that we tried and it failed miserably, right? Just use the bid IP all the way through. The bid IP all the way through, yeah, I see, if we, you know, instead of using seeing, we can record two, three. You know, know that they came in, same for four and five. We can know that they came in, but we can not use them. Just use one, and then boom, it all becomes one all the way through. And that ended up being a disastrous ideal. It does not work, as in, performance drops off a cliff. Why is that? I mean, sure there's a lot of reasons, but lots of reasons. It plays into the multi household stuff, the blanking on the exact term that the current identity team is using for it, like shared IP stuff, like it verified visits are very disproportionate in terms of the type of kinds of IPs that generate them, to be completely honest. Okay, so it's a very sensitive system, okay, but moral story is, we thought about it. We didn't even just think about it. We did it. And like, the initial like, we ran a bunch of analysis beforehand. Everyone, all the analysts were saying it was safe to do we rolled it out, and it burned horribly. So gotcha, he rolled it back. Gotcha. How so, when I So, going back to your question of, like, identity, like, conceptually, yes, but like at that point, how much different is that from using the bit IP all the way through? Yeah, not horribly that different unless there's a good way to be able to link that identity to like, the fours and fives. The eights and nines, thirteens and fourteens at those points in times when we're doing the verified visits. Okay, so what we're trying to solve here is, how do we connect the verified visit to the stage one, vast impression ID the stage three verified visit? Yes, that's correct. And that will, because that kind of encompasses everything, right? Like everything, if you, if you start here and you work your way back, you're able to do this guy, you've basically already been able to do this guy. Stage two, and you've, I mean, stage one's trivial. You're already on stage one. Okay, and what? What is that helping us solve? I guess so it's helping us tell, like, okay, so you just explained where you could use the same IP all the way through, and that caused issues. But I guess what? What does this help us solve? Then it this helps us there's the new to brand aspect where, like, we know the new to brands bad, there's the new to brand bleed aspect, where, even in the current variation of new to brand we're like, hey, we thought that we're generating these verified visits for this campaign, and we supposedly should not be serving ads to them. I see right? There's that the IP from the verified visit to filter it out, and that's not the IP that, yeah, and then there's going to first touch right? Like there is a non trivial amount of first touch and verified visits that we can't generate a first touch impression for because, like, we just the system hasn't been updated to actually, like, fully be able to generate that because they always, like, lose track of it at some point, right? Because it's, it's a little bit on the simpler side, right? So, like, right now there's a non zero amount of verified visits that we can't, that we're not able to attribute a first touch CTV ad to. So that's another thing that we're trying to solve for, okay, and auditing, like, quite literally, being able to at any point in time being able to go to somewhere and be like, how did this verified visit IP get here, right? Like, being not being able to answer that question is honestly horrible. Like, what are you even doing the situation? So, one whole here. So why just again? Why just a vast impression ID or IP in stage one, like, why when we want to take it all the back to segment A? Because isn't that technically, the one that we want to exclude is IP one? I didn't follow the question. Sorry. Okay, so you said that we want to connect the verified visit IP to the vast impression IP in stage one. And my question, I mean, we want to go all the way back to Okay, gotcha, you want to go all the way all the way to here. Okay, okay, everything. I thought we, I thought you said we just want to go to the vast impression. IP, but that makes sense. I was like, I mean, you gotta get to the vast impression to then go backwards again. But, yeah, I mean, like, all the way back. We want to get to the segment. Technically, when you get from the vast impression, you get all the way back via the yeah, basically, there. You just need, like, that last, last thing, the last little you just need to look at the bit IP at that point, okay, but yes, I think this makes clear sense to me. I had this ticket that I wrote out where I was like, I want to make sure I understand the problem, but I can write this all out, and then I'll probably make a couple tickets there. But I know you did share with me your Databricks thing, because it sounds like all this is going to be, where is most of this stuff stored, like it's all long data that Databricks job. So that job that I gave you is how I have recreated the targeting state for stage two and stage three. Okay, right? So, like, it knows how to generate, yeah, roughly speaking, like, among other things, stage two and stage three, right? Yep, so you can it'll at least tell you where some of the logs are, will see the logs for station three, which are like, click pass and event log. I'm pulling out IPs. It's just an example, but like that, one is more. There's, there's kind of two different problems that would be or things. It would be good to do. But we're mainly focusing on this guy because it addresses new to brand and, like some old, like, underlying, always existing concerns of like, okay, how do we get the first touch CTV impression type deal. The other thing is, like, it's just good to be able to audit the state of targeting in general. And that's more what that other, what that those scripts do. 

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
